Instagram-parent Meta has sued the Federal Trade Commission in an attempt to prevent regulators from reopening the company’s landmark $5 billion privacy settlement from 2020 and and from banning the social media giant from monetizing the user data of children.
Thursday’s lawsuit in Washington federal court calls for a halt to the FTC’s proceeding, arguing that it is an unconstitutional abuse of government power.
Meta argues in the complaint that the FTC has acted as both prosecutor and judge in an “obvious power grab … resulting in an unconstitutional adjudication by fiat.”
Meta (formerly Facebook) corporate headquarters is seen in Menlo Park, California on November 9, 2022.
FTC can seek tough new restrictons on Meta’s use of personal data, federal judge rules
The suit marks an escalation by Meta after a federal judge in the same court ruled on Monday that the FTC proceeding could move forward. Meta appealed that decision on Tuesday, but Thursday’s lawsuit expands the company’s pushback further.
The FTC declined to comment on the new suit.
After alleging new violations of Meta’s 2020 consent order, the FTC proposed in May to expand the terms of the company’s settlement to include significant new restrictions barring it from monetizing the personal data of users under age 18.
The agency also called for new limitations on Meta’s use of facial recognition, as well as a moratorium on new products and services from the company unless a third-party audit can prove it is complying with its privacy obligations.
If approved, the restrictions could significantly limit Meta’s data-driven business, particularly as it seeks to court younger users and to grow in new product areas, such as virtual reality.
Meta’s lawsuit also reflects the latest in a series of legal attacks on the authority of independent federal agencies, power that is increasingly under scrutiny by the nation’s highest courts and may be curtailed by the Supreme Court.
Each day the pause in Israel’s war with Hamas is extended saves lives.
A second extension of the truce, lasting one day, came into force early Thursday. But the lull in fighting also sharpens the moral, political and military dilemmas that will play out in the almost inevitable return to full-scale hostilities – including some apparent strategic and humanitarian differences of emphasis between the Biden administration and the Israeli government.
While the truce has so far been surprisingly successful – given that it is taking place with both Israel and Hamas seeking the other’s elimination – there is an unmistakable sense that a fateful moment is approaching within days when Israel will decide on how long it can hold off its scorching military offensive.
That means the debate about what happens next in Gaza is increasingly urgent, even as the US seeks to extend the pause in fighting in the medium term and Israel seeks to temper expectations of restraint in the days to come.
These profound questions are also taking place against a backdrop of deepening tragedy in a cruel war, even if the emergence of hostages has offered fleeting moments of joy amid the horror.
In one wrenching development on Wednesday, Israel said it was looking into a claim that the youngest Israeli hostage, 10-month-old Kfir Bibas, his brother and his mother are no longer alive.
Uncertainty, meanwhile, surrounds the future of the remaining hostages, mostly male, that Israel believes remain in Gaza.
The humanitarian crisis in the territory is worsening with the World Health Organization warning that more Gazans could die from disease than bombing if an already rudimentary health service is not urgently repaired.
And as growing unrest rocks the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military killed two Palestinian children when it opened fire in the city of Jenin, according to the Palestinian Ministry of Health – the latest of more than 240 Palestinians that the ministry says have been killed by Israeli soldiers and settlers in the West Bank since October 7.
The Israeli leader on Wednesday dismissed the idea that the prolonged pause in fighting would make it more difficult strategically and morally for Israel to resume its relentless action against Hamas.
“Over the past few days I’ve been hearing this question – will Israel go back to fighting after maximizing this phase of returning our hostages?
But Israel’s initial assault on Hamas led to huge civilian carnage in the densely populated Palestinian enclave in the first phase of the war, sending tens of thousands of protesters into the streets in the US and across the world while heaping political pressure on President Joe Biden from inside his own electoral coalition.
The likely prospect that a second wave Israeli offensive against Hamas strongholds in southern Gaza would be even more bloody now threatens to open gaps between Washington and Netanyahu’s government and military leaders.
CNN’s MJ Lee, Jennifer Hansler and Katie Bo Lillis reported Wednesday that US officials, including Biden, told the Israelis they don’t want to see a repeat of air strikes that led to massive destruction and terrible scenes of civilian casualties. Israel must be more “cautious, more careful, more deliberate and more precise in their targeting,” one senior administration official said.
In the days after the October 7 attacks, Biden hugged Israel and Netanyahu close, traveling to the Jewish state to mourn with the victims of the horror.
LSU women’s basketball head coach Kim Mulkey said star player Angel Reese will return to the defending national champion’s lineup on Thursday against No. 9 Virginia Tech.
Reese has been mysteriously absent from the team since the Tigers faced Kent State on November 14.
Even before sitting down for her scheduled Wednesday press conference, Mulkey boasted:
Mulkey did not explain why the seventh-ranked Tigers’ marquee forward hasn’t even made the bench for LSU’s last four games.
Reese didn’t travel with the team this past week for a high profile, two-game set against Niagara and Virginia at the Cayman Island Classic.
“She’s coming back after not being with the team,” Mulkey said. “We’ve moved on.”
On the court, Reese is one of the best players in the country.
She was named the 2023 Final Four Most Outstanding Player after the Tigers beat Iowa 102-85 in April’s NCAA national championship game. The first team All-American averaged 23 points and 15.4 rebounds last season.
As speculation flooded social media as to why the superstar was not with the team, Reese posted on X, formerly Twitter, on November 19: “Please don’t believe everything you read.”
When asked if Reese was going to play against the Hokies with just one or even no practices before tip-off, Mulkey said, “Angel is available to play tomorrow. But if you want to know, Angel has been practicing.
“Do you wanna know how many hours? How many days? Specifics? She is not going to show up tomorrow and play a game.”
Mulkey said she didn’t expect Reese to be rusty in her return.
“I really think Angel will just be like Angel. I mean she has just been good, really good in practice.”
The head coach was repeatedly asked about Reese’s high-profile, two-game set absence.
Mulkey told the gathered media that there was a “sacredness” to a locker room. “What’s in that locker room stays in that locker room,” she said.
The Tigers-Hokies tilt on Thursday night is a 2023 Final Four rematch between the two programs; LSU won that game 79-72 en route to the national championship.