The US presidential election could be the foremost global risk, with anticipated effects extending more broadly and profoundly across global security, stability and economic outlook than any other event, according to a report.
The biggest challenge in 2024 is the "United States versus itself," marked by the presidential election scheduled in November, Eurasia Group, a New York-based political risk consulting firm, said in its annual forecast report that listed the top 10 risks to the world this year.
"The United States is already the world's most divided and dysfunctional advanced industrial democracy. The 2024 election will exacerbate this problem no matter who wins."
The outcome of the election holds profound implications for the entire global population, comprising 8 billion people, yet the decisive influence rests in the hands of a mere 160 million Americans.
The fate of the result is intricately intertwined with just tens of thousands of voters residing in specific swing states.
"An unprecedentedly dysfunctional US election will be by far the most consequential for the world’s security, stability and economic outlook."
The US presidential election has diplomatic and security implications across the Indo-Pacific region, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
The report said Kyiv will take increasingly reckless actions to secure gains this year before the next US president's inauguration, while the potential definitive end of US aid for the war in Ukraine in 2025 will strengthen Russia's determination to continue fighting.
In the Middle East, Trump's robust support for Israel and willingness to confront Iran will embolden Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and concurrently constrain Biden's room for policy maneuvering.
Political pressure from congressional Republicans will pose challenges for US President Joe Biden in preserving the "thaw" with China in the run-up to the election, according to the report.
Korean-style fried chicken was selected as the favorite Korean food outside of Korea, according to the results of a government survey announced Thursday.
In an international study involving some 9,000 people living in 18 major cities across the world, officials investigated the global perception of Korean food.
The study excluded anyone of Korean descent and surveyed people in New York, Toronto, Paris, London, Beijing, Tokyo, Bangkok, Dubai in the United Arab Emirates and Rio de Janeiro.
About 16.5 percent of the respondents said their favorite Korean food was Korean-style chicken, referring to a popular local style of fried chicken served with or without various sauces.
Instant ramen ranked second with 11.1 percent and kimchi ranked third, accounting for 9.8 percent.
It appears that the preference for chicken when served in a soup was considerably lower than chicken in a fried form, as only 2 percent of respondents picked samgyetang -- a traditional soup made with chicken, garlic, rice, ginseng and other ingredients -- as their favorite Korean food, seeing it rank at No. 10 on the list.
This year's survey results marked the fourth straight year that fried chicken was crowned the most globally beloved K-food.
The survey is jointly conducted by the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and its affiliated Korean Food Promotion Institute on an annual basis.
In the 2022 survey, which allowed respondents to pick multiple items, 29.4 percent of respondents chose fried chicken as their favorite Korean dish, with kimchi ranking in second (28.6 percent) and instant ramen in third with 26.9 percent.
While kimchi was not the favorite dish of international consumers, it was still the most well-known.
About 40.2 percent of respondents said kimchi was the first dish that comes to mind when they hear the word "Korean food."
This was followed by bibimbap (23.6 percent), Korean chicken (16.2 percent), bulgogi (13.3 percent), and Korean barbecue (12 percent).
The survey also showed that a growing number of people are becoming familiar with Korean food.
Sixty percent of respondents said they know about Korean food well. This measure is up 2.4 percentage point from the year before, and is on the rise for the fifth straight year.
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Lee Kang-in scored a brace as South Korea defeated Bahrain 3-1 to open their title bid at the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup in Qatar on Monday.
Lee broke the 1-1 deadlock in the 56th minute at Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha and then netted an insurance marker a dozen minutes later for his sixth goal in the past six international matches.
Midfielder Hwang In-beom scored the first goal for 23rd-ranked South Korea in the 38th minute, before Abdullah Al Hashash answered for 86th-ranked Bahrain six minutes after the restart.
"No one on our team, be it players or coaches, thought this was going to be an easy match," Lee said afterward. "We had some good moments and not so good moments in this one. We will try to play better in the next match."
Coached by Jurgen Klinsmann, South Korea will next face 87th-ranked Jordan on Saturday at Al Thumama Stadium in Doha. The kickoff is 2:30 p.m.
South Korea will try to win their first Asian Cup since 1960.
Lee said giving up the equalizer early in the second half didn't change South Korea's approach whatsoever.
"Whether we concede a goal or score a goal, we always try to keep playing our game," Lee said. "After giving up that goal, we just wanted to get one right back. I am just happy to have helped the team."
South Korea sent out a star-studded starting XI, featuring Lee, Tottenham Hotspur captain Son Heung-min and Bayern Munich defender Kim Min-jae. Hwang Hee-chan of Wolverhampton Wanderers missed the match with a left hip injury.
Despite boasting superior offensive firepower, South Korea were unable to establish control early on.
Bahrain played some tight and physical defense, thwarting a series of South Korean forays into the attacking third. Bahrain had the match's first shot attempt, with Mohamed Marhoon sending a header over the net about six minutes in.
For South Korea, defensive midfielder Park Yong-woo and center back Kim Min-jae each received a yellow card before the match was 15 minutes old. Another defender, Lee Ki-je, also picked up a yellow card in the 28th minute.