The US presidential election could be the foremost global risk, with anticipated effects extending more broadly and profoundly across global security, stability and economic outlook than any other event, according to a report.
The biggest challenge in 2024 is the "United States versus itself," marked by the presidential election scheduled in November, Eurasia Group, a New York-based political risk consulting firm, said in its annual forecast report that listed the top 10 risks to the world this year.
"The United States is already the world's most divided and dysfunctional advanced industrial democracy. The 2024 election will exacerbate this problem no matter who wins."
The outcome of the election holds profound implications for the entire global population, comprising 8 billion people, yet the decisive influence rests in the hands of a mere 160 million Americans.
The fate of the result is intricately intertwined with just tens of thousands of voters residing in specific swing states.
"An unprecedentedly dysfunctional US election will be by far the most consequential for the world’s security, stability and economic outlook."
The US presidential election has diplomatic and security implications across the Indo-Pacific region, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
The report said Kyiv will take increasingly reckless actions to secure gains this year before the next US president's inauguration, while the potential definitive end of US aid for the war in Ukraine in 2025 will strengthen Russia's determination to continue fighting.
In the Middle East, Trump's robust support for Israel and willingness to confront Iran will embolden Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and concurrently constrain Biden's room for policy maneuvering.
Political pressure from congressional Republicans will pose challenges for US President Joe Biden in preserving the "thaw" with China in the run-up to the election, according to the report.
Korean-style fried chicken was selected as the favorite Korean food outside of Korea, according to the results of a government survey announced Thursday.
In an international study involving some 9,000 people living in 18 major cities across the world, officials investigated the global perception of Korean food.
The study excluded anyone of Korean descent and surveyed people in New York, Toronto, Paris, London, Beijing, Tokyo, Bangkok, Dubai in the United Arab Emirates and Rio de Janeiro.
About 16.5 percent of the respondents said their favorite Korean food was Korean-style chicken, referring to a popular local style of fried chicken served with or without various sauces.
Instant ramen ranked second with 11.1 percent and kimchi ranked third, accounting for 9.8 percent.
It appears that the preference for chicken when served in a soup was considerably lower than chicken in a fried form, as only 2 percent of respondents picked samgyetang -- a traditional soup made with chicken, garlic, rice, ginseng and other ingredients -- as their favorite Korean food, seeing it rank at No. 10 on the list.
This year's survey results marked the fourth straight year that fried chicken was crowned the most globally beloved K-food.
The survey is jointly conducted by the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and its affiliated Korean Food Promotion Institute on an annual basis.
In the 2022 survey, which allowed respondents to pick multiple items, 29.4 percent of respondents chose fried chicken as their favorite Korean dish, with kimchi ranking in second (28.6 percent) and instant ramen in third with 26.9 percent.
While kimchi was not the favorite dish of international consumers, it was still the most well-known.
About 40.2 percent of respondents said kimchi was the first dish that comes to mind when they hear the word "Korean food."
This was followed by bibimbap (23.6 percent), Korean chicken (16.2 percent), bulgogi (13.3 percent), and Korean barbecue (12 percent).
The survey also showed that a growing number of people are becoming familiar with Korean food.
Sixty percent of respondents said they know about Korean food well. This measure is up 2.4 percentage point from the year before, and is on the rise for the fifth straight year.
Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Lee Kang-in scored a brace as South Korea defeated Bahrain 3-1 to open their title bid at the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup in Qatar on Monday.
Lee broke the 1-1 deadlock in the 56th minute at Jassim bin Hamad Stadium in Doha and then netted an insurance marker a dozen minutes later for his sixth goal in the past six international matches.
Midfielder Hwang In-beom scored the first goal for 23rd-ranked South Korea in the 38th minute, before Abdullah Al Hashash answered for 86th-ranked Bahrain six minutes after the restart.
"No one on our team, be it players or coaches, thought this was going to be an easy match," Lee said afterward. "We had some good moments and not so good moments in this one. We will try to play better in the next match."
Coached by Jurgen Klinsmann, South Korea will next face 87th-ranked Jordan on Saturday at Al Thumama Stadium in Doha. The kickoff is 2:30 p.m.
South Korea will try to win their first Asian Cup since 1960.
Lee said giving up the equalizer early in the second half didn't change South Korea's approach whatsoever.
"Whether we concede a goal or score a goal, we always try to keep playing our game," Lee said. "After giving up that goal, we just wanted to get one right back. I am just happy to have helped the team."
South Korea sent out a star-studded starting XI, featuring Lee, Tottenham Hotspur captain Son Heung-min and Bayern Munich defender Kim Min-jae. Hwang Hee-chan of Wolverhampton Wanderers missed the match with a left hip injury.
Despite boasting superior offensive firepower, South Korea were unable to establish control early on.
Bahrain played some tight and physical defense, thwarting a series of South Korean forays into the attacking third. Bahrain had the match's first shot attempt, with Mohamed Marhoon sending a header over the net about six minutes in.
For South Korea, defensive midfielder Park Yong-woo and center back Kim Min-jae each received a yellow card before the match was 15 minutes old. Another defender, Lee Ki-je, also picked up a yellow card in the 28th minute.
In a survey in early 2023, 3,000 people in Japan were asked about their food traditions.
The survey found that the most popular time for eating traditional foods is during omisoka (New Year's Eve) and oshogatsu (Japanese New Year), with 64% of people taking part.
During these celebrations, Japanese people usually eat osechi ryori, a variety of colorful foods served in special boxes.
Different sections of these boxes will be filled with things like beans, shrimp, sweet potatoes, fish cakes, scallops, small omelets and more.
Toshikoshi soba, long noodles symbolizing a wish for a long life, and ozoni soup, made with mochi rice cake, are also popular foods eaten during this time.
Like Thanksgiving or Christmas in Western countries, New Year's is a time for families to come together in Japan.
It's also a time to celebrate a new year starting.
And so, osechi ryori is thought by many to be the most important meal of the year.
But in Japan, it's bad luck to cook food on New Year's Day, so osechi ryori is usually made in the days before, and eaten cold.
It takes a lot of time and effort to prepare it, so many people get a little help from supermarkets, according to the survey — more than half of people said they use a mix of homemade food and food from stores for their osechi ryori.
Only 29% said they make all the food at home with their family, and 14% said they buy all their New Year's food from stores.
In 2023, while many people struggled with high living costs, the richest people in the world got even richer.
This is according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index, a list of the world's richest people that's updated every day.
Figures from the list showed that 77% of the top 500 billionaires, which includes Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg, became richer in 2023 — some by huge amounts.
And despite economic sanctions due to Russia's actions in Ukraine, many Russian oligarchs saw their wealth increase, too.
Elon Musk is still the world's richest man. He has a net worth of around $230 billion, mainly due to the success of his electric car company, Tesla.
His wealth grew by almost $98 billion in 2023 — more than the yearly income of the whole country of Angola.
But although Musk earned a lot of money in 2023, he didn't have the largest increase in wealth by percentage.
The biggest percentage increase among the top 50 richest people was by Prajogo Pangestu from Indonesia.
He's worth $32 billion — a lot less than Musk — but he is now seven times richer than he was in 2022, with businesses in forestry, mining and energy.
Half of the world's 50 richest people are from the US. France's Bernard Arnault — owner of Louis Vuitton and other brands — is the only non-American in the top 10.
Also from France is Françoise Bettencourt Meyers, the L'Oréal heiress. She's the world's richest woman, and is 12th on the list.
But not all billionaires had a great year — the list showed that 12 of the 50 richest people in the world actually lost money in 2023.
The richest of these, India's Gautam Adani, lost $36 billion after his companies' value dropped due to accusations of fraud.
He's still worth over $84 billion, though, so he's probably not too upset. His businesses work in energy, mining, defense and logistics.
From the start of Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, Hungary has been the weakest link in the West’s response.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban has held up Kyiv’s membership negotiations with the EU, slow-walked aid deals and cast doubt on Ukraine’s capacity to defeat Russia.
That’s why there’s so much attention on a meeting on Monday between the foreign ministers of Hungary and Ukraine.
While both countries have been deliberately opaque about the purpose of the meeting in public statements, Western officials privately hope that it will provide some clarity on whether Hungary will drop its veto on a €50bn European Union support package for Ukraine that was supposed to be signed off in December.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said at the time the reason he blocked the funds was because it was wrong for money in the EU budget to go outside the bloc.
Critics of Orban have pointed out that his objections could have something to do with the fact that Brussels is holding out on giving Hungary money from the very same budget because it has breached the EU’s rule of law requirements – fundamental values enshrined in the bloc’s treaties.
Orban and members of his government have repeatedly denied that there is any connection between the two, or that they have breached EU rules.
But those same critics also note that Orban has a uniquely close relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Many Western officials believe that Orban is leveraging that relationship in order to bully his European allies by playing the part of a Kremlin stooge: Act tough on support for Ukraine, a key priority for most of Europe, in exchange for concessions in other areas.
It’s no secret that Hungary is increasingly an uncomfortable bedfellow for its partners in the EU and NATO.
Over the past few years, Orban has come to blows with his European counterparts over all kinds of issues, ranging from the rights of LGBTQ+ citizens and migrants to undermining the judiciary.